[#96] clarified use case text for order changes by prescriber (#114)
IHE/pharm-mpd: input/pagecontent/usecases.md

  Order protocols are "generic" orders which get instantiated for a patient. This use case is similar to a normal order, except for the possible reference so that the order can be traced to the protocol.  

### Order Changes

1. **Cancellation/change of the prescription**  
   There are several triggers and possibilities for order changes or cancellations:  

   1.1. **By prescriber**  

>    In some cases, a prescriber (be it the original prescriber or any other clinician with the appropriate rights) needs to change the order. Besides other tracking mechanisms that may apply, this is usually a simple change in the order.

Author: ```suggestion
   In some cases, a prescriber (be it the original prescriber or any other clinician with the appropriate rights) may need to change the order. These has to be strongly dependent on the applicable business rules; most commonly only the original prescriber can modify the prescription. Besides other tracking mechanisms that may apply, this is usually a simple change in the order.
```

>    In some cases, a prescriber (be it the original prescriber or any other clinician with the appropriate rights) needs to change the order. Besides other tracking mechanisms that may apply, this is usually a simple change in the order.

Author: ```suggestion
   In some cases, a prescriber (be it the original prescriber or any other clinician with the appropriate rights) may need to change the order. This has to be strongly dependent on the applicable business rules and the workflow context; typically only the original prescriber or someone in the organization can modify the prescription. Besides other tracking mechanisms that may apply, this is usually a simple change in the order.
```
